#### Avast Free Antivirus
Staying safe in today’s digital environment and being conscious of threats and malware has become synonymous with a normal approach to the everyday life of the average PC user. The first thing that comes to mind is the word “antivirus” and the wide range of ramifications and expectations that span from the core concept. Avast Free Antivirus, just as its sibling, Avast Premium Security, aims to provide a centralized, reliable platform that caters to users’ protection, in multiple directions, surpassing, in many ways, the cliché of a just an antivirus, thanks to its numerous facets, that amount to a versatile approach.

Needless to say, simplicity is always best, and as much as a cliché that might be, we felt it to be true in the case of Avast Free Antivirus. The end-user doesn’t care to invest more effort or attention than required when it comes to most of today’s digital undertakings.

Hence, the design, interface and layout of the app express simplicity, which we believe to enhance overall accessibility, as well as the efficiency with which one is able to configure and achieve tasks.

Right up there with the aforementioned simplicity, the AV’s structured feature set continues the tendency of simplification, but not to its detriment; quite the contrary. The thoughtful way in which the available tools and features are categorized enhances handling efficiency.

Be it that you wish to address privacy issues, check the protection status of your PC, or, boost its performance, it’s all there, within a click away. Straightforward and downright simple, this approach is ideal, as it manages to eliminate clutter, complexity, and, in the end, hassle.

As we mentioned in the introductory paragraph, Avast Free Antivirus is more than just a plain AV solution, and this is also highlighted through its additional features, which address a wide range of tasks and potential issues.

Without going into too much detail, and beyond the scope of a simple test, we found the extra features on offer to add an additional dimension of versatility to the app, making it ready to do more, if advanced users demand so.

It is no surprise that this latest iteration of Avast Free Antivirus still manages to offer reliable performance, both in terms of the actual functionality and features, but also through its accessibility-oriented approach and overall simplicity.

##### ESET NOD32 Antivirus
NOD32 is arguably the antivirus solution with the biggest history currently on the market. Launched in 1987 by two Slovak developers, the product has evolved a lot in its 30+ year lifespan and is currently known under the moniker of ESET NOD32 Antivirus.

ESET NOD32 Antivirus is the company’s entry-level version of its security services which also includes ESET Internet Security (offers advanced internet security features), and ESET Smart Security Premium (provides top-tier internet security features).

The setup procedure is fast, smooth, and requires little to no effort on the users’ part. At one point, users are prompted to either enable or disable the detection of potentially unwanted applications (PUA), as well as if they want to participate in the ESET LiveGrid feedback system (useful for helping ESET improve their products in the future).

As with all AV solutions, the biggest part of ESET NOD32 Antivirus’s success is thanks to its top-notch and very reliable security solutions (which we’ll go into very shortly). However, there are other aspects also worth considering.

For example, ESET NOD32’s extremely user-friendly and not-at-all flashy GUI. While most other AV solutions out there offer modern GUIs with lots of gimmicks and all sorts of transparency effects, ESET has remained loyal to simplicity over throughout the years: clear organization, sleek-looking dashboards, and practically zero clutter. This means that the product is perfectly suited for all people, from the beginner to the power user with high standards in terms of usability.

Another aspect worth mentioning is just how resource-friendly the product really is. It’s not uncommon for modern-day AV solutions to bog down the processing speeds, especially in the case of medium-tier or older computers. ESET NOD32 Antivirus is without a doubt one of the fastest and resource-friendly solutions out there.

The protection package offered by ESET NOD32 Antivirus is split into two distinct sections. From the Setup menu, users can choose between Computer protection and Internet protection, as well as tweak and fiddle about with various settings.

Despite its simplicity-focused GUI and well-organized menus, the product offers a great deal of security options. Some of the main ones are, of course, the real-time file protection module, a section dedicated to the web protection, the HIPS module (Host Intrusion Prevention System - detects unwanted behavior from already installed apps), an anti-phishing module, and basic email client protection.

In short, the more users explore ESET’s menus, the more they will discover just how flexible and versatile this antivirus can be. Users are provided with the option of fully tweaking the scanning process by activating or deactivating the ways used to scan various types of files. The AV offers the latest in terms of anti-stealth technology that helps with rootkits detection.

When and if an infection is found, users are notified via a pop-up message window. If the threat cannot be removed, users will be prompted to restart the computer and the file put into quarantine. Of course, users have the last say, and can choose any of the three options when dealing with malicious (or potentially malicious) files: clean, delete, or take no action.

The Internet protection module is also a big part of NOD32 Antivirus’ kit, even though the general, day-to-day user will rely more on its automated features. The system all-round works great when it comes to detecting infected web pages and blocking them altogether before your computer or privacy is in harm’s way. In short, the module warns users about phishing pages and automatically blocks them.

Another highlight in the Internet protection module is the email protection scanner. It uses the latest NOD32 databases to check for incoming threats via email such as malware, viruses, trojans, and spyware. What’s more, it’s compatible with some of the most important clients such as Mozilla Thunderbird, Windows Live Mail, and even Outlook and Outlook Express.

Other important features include an activity watcher, a handy scheduler, a reporting tool, a module for collecting advanced statistics about the computer (SysInspector), a processes monitor, and the ESET SysRescue Live.

Besides its basic role (that of allowing users to see what resources are consumed by apps), the activity watcher is extremely good at helping discover if resources are wasted on potentially malicious apps running in the background. The Running processes module takes this step a bit higher, as it also displays the level of risk, the process ID, the number of users, and the app name for all the processes.

The Reporting tool is there to help users better understand what NOD32 actually does for them and their privacy. It displays various useful statistics such as the total number of scanned files, how many were dangerous, and how many were cleaned. Lastly, the ESET SysRescueLive is there in case the basic real-time scanner module doesn’t manage to remove a threat from your computer. This module runs on CDs, DVDs, or USB drives, and it doesn’t need installation.

The answer is: definitely yes! It’s very effective and easy to use, it’s competitively priced, it supports more than one OS, it’s one of the most resource-friendly AV solutions out there, and it comes with a plethora of both main and secondary features and modules that should ensure the absolute protection of your computer.

It’s also highly rated by various publications and has shown great performance in other independent tests, and, as users of the product for more than 10 years, we at Softpedia can attest to the product’s quality.

##### Kaspersky Anti-Virus
Kaspersky Anti-Virus is a premium anti-malware utility designed to detect and eliminate viruses, worms, Trojans, adware, auto-dialers, suspicious packed and multi-packed files, along with other web-based threats that may harm or steal data from the computer. It is backed by a real-time safeguard and other security utilities made to ensure round-the-clock PC protection against malicious software.

The installation procedure is speedy and does not require customization, unlike other popular antivirus products. Its interface has a pleasant look and well-organized structure with four large and flat buttons providing fast access to scans, virus definition updates, reports and the quarantine. Expanding this section reveals two extra buttons for tools and software upgrades.

Depending on the user's file priorities and time willing to spend looking for malware, Kaspersky puts at their disposal four scan types, namely full, quick, custom and removable drive mode, in addition to the contextual scan that permits users to rapidly verify any file, folder or drive via Windows Explorer's right-click menu.

Those who are not satisfied with the app's factory settings are free to make modifications when it comes to the security level, automatic action on threat detection, removable drives scan mode on connection, scan scope, administrative or other user accounts, and task scheduling if necessary.

Additional options focus on types of detected objects, exclusion rules, trusted applications, self-defense mechanism (block any attempts to modify or delete Kaspersky Anti-Virus files, memory processes and registry entries), software compatibility (to run Kaspersky smoothly alongside other apps and avoid conflicts), monitored ports, and encrypted connections.

The app can become non-intrusive by disabling notifications on events, audio, news and promotional materials. Users may examine all program activity in reports and manage suspicious items in the quarantine, as well as limit the size and duration of logs and contained objects.

Kaspersky can be optimized to preserve battery life, play video games without any intrusions, and reduce system resources consumption at startup, as well as to perform idle and rootkit scans. Ongoing tasks can be monitored and modified from a task manager.

Additional utilities are designed to scan the OS and third-party apps for vulnerabilities, create a bootable disc with the Windows files in case of severe malware infections, scan the system and fix issues caused by viruses or OS crashes, clean up the HDD by eliminating unnecessary files, as well as evaluate the security status of Internet Explorer settings.

Kaspersky has always been viewed as a top-grade security program and this edition makes no exception. It provides very good virus detection results and scan speed, while generally remaining light on system resources. Plus, its presence is barely noticeable when deactivating all notifications.

To sum it up, users who are on the market for an approachable, feature-rich, customizable and fast anti-malware application cannot go wrong with Kaspersky Anti-Virus. Those looking for additional features may resort to Kaspersky Internet Security.

##### Bitdefender Antivirus Plus
Bitdefender is an established name on the antivirus market, and for good reason. The company regularly ships reliable software that always ranks high in virus protection tests, while keeping performance impact to a minimum.

There are multiple editions to choose from, namely Antivirus Plus, Internet Security and Total Security. The latest version of the basic edition, Bitdefender Antivirus Plus 2020, comes with one new major feature and multiple improvements, and it should be enough for most home users.

The websites you visit typically collect information about you and your device, which is mainly used for personalization, user identification and targeted advertising. Third-party trackers are the most troublesome, as you may end up handing over personal information to various companies without even knowing it.

Bitdefender Antivirus Plus 2020 enables you to prevent websites from collecting your data when browsing with Chrome, Firefox or Edge. For the first two, you will need to install the dedicated extensions from the Bitdefender agent.

This shouldn’t come as a surprise, but Bitdefender Antivirus Plus 2020 does a good job of protecting you from all kinds of threats, including ransomware, zero-day exploits and rootkits. The real-time scanning engine blocks them before they have a change of infecting your PC, and its performance impact is negligible.

Aside from running quick scans to find threats, you can also create customized jobs and run them on a specific schedule. You can choose exactly which locations and items should be scanned, as well as set the task’s priority.

There are several ways Bitdefender Antivirus Plus can help you keep your private data secure. Aside from the aforementioned anti-tracker, it also comes with its own VPN, though you will have to deal with a daily traffic cap unless you upgrade your subscription.

The product also includes a password manager, which helps you store your account credentials, credit card info and other types of sensitive data. If you want to get rid of something instead of secure it, the file shredder is also worth a mention, as it can prevent deleted files from being recovered even with specialized software.

Lastly, you can take advantage of Safepay, Bitdefender’s dedicated secure transaction browser. It is intended to prevent online fraud, and it can fill in credit card fields automatically.

This shouldn’t necessarily be viewed as a downside, as Bitdefender Antivirus Plus was designed for users who need relatively basic protection and are happy with the firewall included in Windows.

If you feel that you need that extra bit of intrusion protection, as well as the ability to filter network traffic, you can upgrade to Bitdefender Internet Security, which also includes a few other extra features.

In short, not much has changed with the latest edition of Bitdefender Antivirus Plus, and that’s a good thing, as the previous edition was already one of the best antivirus products out there.

It does now include an anti-tracker, which is invaluable for users looking to maintain their online privacy, as well as a bunch of other improvements. It is just as easy to use as before, and its performance impact has remained very low.

##### Avira Free Security
Avira GmbH has made quite a name for itself over the last couple of years as being the company that provided 500 million users worldwide with one of the best free antivirus solutions out there and some solid-performing premium tools as well.

The latest product to come out of the German Avira Operations GmbH labs is dubbed Avira Free Security, and it acts as a modern replacement for the product that has been a staple for the company’s lineup for many years.

Avira Free Security takes on a modern approach to showing what a basic antivirus tool should be. In short, it follows the current trend of comprehensive AV solutions that are not only focused on security, but also on protecting your privacy and enhancing your computer’s performance.

Avira products have always had top-notch security technologies under the hood, and they were always competitively priced, but the new Avira Free Security is definitely a step up in the industry.

Well, you are provided with one of the best antivirus engines with real-time protection against all types of malware and online threats, a freemium VPN service (500 MB/month), various privacy oriented features such as a file shredder, browser safety and cookie cleaner, a basic password manager, as well as something called Privacy Settings designed to prevent Windows and apps from sharing your data.

The base version also gets you a selection of free tune-up tools as part of the System Speedup Suite. With their help, you can ensure that your computer is clear of all types of pesky junk files. There’s also a startup optimizer that helps you speed up your computer’s starting time, and a duplicate finder that should help you bring some order in those bulky folders.

Currently, there are three main plans: Internet Security, Prime, and Prime Family. The first is aimed at users who want to ensure that their online presence is as protected as possible.

The Internet Security plan offers enhanced virus protection, as well as tools aimed at ensuring that most online-related vulnerabilities are patched by keeping your apps updated to their latest versions, and by protecting your sensitive data and passwords. The Prime and Prime Family plans are better as they allow you to unleash the suite’s full potential (the only difference is the number of supported users). You are provided with all of Avira’s security, privacy, and performance-oriented tools.

To put it all into perspective, you can basically think of having 3 apps into one. The suite helps you avoid all types of online threats (ransomware, viruses, banking Trojans, spyware, etc.), repair and quarantine compromised or suspicious files, identify outdated apps and patch vulnerabilities, encrypt your data and ensure your anonymity while web browsing (via an unlimited VPN service), block phishing attempts, as well as stay away from harmful websites, ads, and even web trackers.

The suite can help you create dynamic passwords for all your accounts, securely erase sensitive data, wipe out online trackers, and data left within your browsers, prevent Windows and various other apps from sharing your data, as well as free up space on your PC, accelerate your PC’s start time, prolong your laptop’s battery life, and update drivers to improve your system’s overall performance.

Short answer: even more so than before. The app boasts a new, stylish, black-themed GUI that looks right at home on Windows 10.

All of the app’s tools and features are neatly organized in 4 main sections named Status, Security, Privacy, and Performance. You can access any tool individually from their designated location, or better yet, simply go to Status, and click the Smart scan button that automatically checks for any security, privacy, and performance issues and allows you to fix them with no more than a few mouse clicks.

It’s amazing to see just how much AV solutions have evolved during the last few years. In today’s highly digitized world there are threats lurking almost everywhere in the online world. One thing is quite clear: classic AV solutions don’t really cut it anymore.

Avira Free Security is the latest evolution of the modern antivirus solution. In its basic form, it brings forth one of the best antivirus engines, a VPN, and a lot of other efficient goodies that will have a big impact on protecting your privacy and even ensure that your computer is running as it should.

##### AVG Antivirus Free
With cybercriminals lurking at every corner of the Internet, a reliable security solution is not optional anymore for any computer user who cares about their personal data and files.

Security companies strive to deliver up-to-date protection and most provide free antivirus solutions ready to meet the needs of the home user.   One example is AVG Antivirus Free, which promises to shield your PC from viruses, spyware and other threats using artificial intelligence and state-of-the-art technology.

The free edition of the AVG suite delivers basic protection mechanisms ready to block viruses and ransomware attacks. Corporate and advanced users should take a look at the additional feature set in AVG Internet Security, which can also protect private documents, provide safer online shopping, block unwanted RDP sessions, warn you about fake websites and add extra security via an enhanced firewall.

With decades of experience in antimalware protection, AVG Antivirus Free prompts you to run a scan immediately after installing it. Issues that could jeopardize your privacy and security are displayed and you are suggested a series of actions to take. For instance, AVG Antivirus Free advises you to disable notifications on the lock screen to keep them private and turn on Data Execution Prevention to find malicious code.

It is recommended to schedule smart scans with AVG Antivirus Free to run once a month. AVG Antivirus Free can identify more vulnerabilities that could turn into opened doors for cyber-attacks, but some can only be solved with the Internet Security edition.

Once the scan is completed, you get to see the main window of AVG Antivirus Free, where all the protection modules are one-click away. As mentioned before, basic protection is guaranteed by the free edition of AVG.

The antivirus features real-time protection against threats of all kinds. Every file added or opened on your PC is automatically scanned and malicious content is blocked. Suspicious behavior triggers on0scree notifications, which allows you to take timely action to prevent malware from reaching the system.

AVG Antivirus Free also features anti-ransomware protection, a module that can protect specific folders from ransomware attacks. Moreover, you can configure AVG Antivirus Free to block certain shady apps and add exceptions that are allowed to run on your PC.

The Web Shield in AVG Antivirus Free can block web attacks and downloads that are marked as unsafe, while the Email Shield can identify potentially dangerous mail attachments. Thanks to the Network Inspector, AVG Antivirus Free can scan all your devices and check the local network for issues.

With real-time protection and components for web and email security, AVG Antivirus Free is capable of protecting any system from a wide range of potential attacks. Trojans, spyware, rootkits, ransomware and viruses are less likely to reach your system thanks to the shields of AVG, while links, downloads and attachments that are deemed unsafe are automatically blocked as well.

What is more, AVG Antivirus Free can collect data and send it to the AVG servers to have it analyzed without any intervention from your side. Antivirus definitions and software updates are also pushed automatically, so you don’t have to do anything to make sure the PC is protected besides, of course, having AVG Antivirus Free installed.

##### Panda Dome Essential
The anti-malware lineup from developer Panda Security comes in different flavors: Panda Dome Essential (formerly Antivirus Pro), Panda Dome Advanced (formerly Internet Security), Panda Dome Complete (formerly Global Protection), and Panda Dome Premium (formerly Panda Gold Protection). Alternatively, there is a cost-free antivirus available as well, suggestively named Panda Free Antivirus.

While the last mentioned ones provide extra security measures to protect identity data and ensure a trusted environment for the online activity of all family members, Panda Dome Essential offers basic protection against hacker, virus, worm, Trojan, phishing, rookit attacks and others. It is also capable of monitoring emails and attachments, files sent via instant messenger services, along with websites.

Panda Dome's setup is a fast and easy job since only basic configuration is necessary; the app does not give users the possibility of including and excluding the exact desired security modules to install.

The primary window also reveals the current security status and the total number of scanned files, while providing access to the scanner, the antivirus, the firewall, the application control, the process monitor, and all the other modules, each displayed as a separate tile.

The critical areas mode scans only important parts of the system such as the memory, active processes, and cookies, the full scan evaluates the entire hard disk in depth, while a custom analysis gives users the liberty to select the exact areas to sweep for infected files. Scan jobs can be scheduled.

As far as scan settings are concerned, users may tinker with the file types, (e.g., archives, PUPs, extensions), the file and folder exclusions, heuristics, action on threat detection, email notifications, and so on.

Also, Panda Dome Essential can automatically scan connected USB drives to make sure malware does not reach your PC. Moreover, it can create a bootable USB drive in case a virus keeps the computer from running within normal parameters, as well as use an emergency solution when the PC doesn't boot due to heavy malware infiltrations.

The Rescue Kit allows advanced virus detection by resorting to Panda Cloud Cleaner, a separate application that can be automatically installed by the tool (it also has a portable counterpart with identical features).

The Wi-Fi protection module adds an extra security layer when connecting to the Internet in wireless mode, which comes in handy if you are often using public hotspots. The Safe Browsing module blocks malware and phishing attempts, while the Process monitor keeps an eye on running processes and detects potential threats.

The personal firewall in Panda Dome Essential secures your network traffic, and the Application Control module can protect the computer against programs that start without your consent.

Panda Dome Essential uses pretty low CPU and RAM while scanning but may take a long time to carry out the scan jobs. It provides good results concerning malware detection and removal, however. Users who enjoyed the former Panda Antivirus Pro should feel perfectly comfortable with Panda Dome Essential.

##### Norton AntiVirus Plus
Norton AntiVirus Plus is a well-known security application made to fight off malware in all shapes and sizes. Featuring a real-time shield, multiple scan modes, customizable settings and plenty of additional safety nets, the utility addresses beginners and experienced users alike.

Setting up the tool is a fast and easy task, since Norton does not give users the possibility of handpicking the components to install, unlike other av products. A bit of attention should be paid here, however. Since it is ad-supported, the program offers to install apps made by other software developers. It can run without them, so they can be excluded from setup.

Ever since the Windows 8 release, developers have started implementing the flat Metro UI look into everything, and Norton makes no exception. The interface is not cluttered, although it could have been better organized. Three large buttons in the main menu facilitate access to scanning, virus signature updates and advanced settings, while another button-like frame shows the system and Norton CPU usage level, along with the trust level.

Norton provides different levels of PC scanning in accordance with the user's requirements. It can focus on speed by verifying only important system areas for malware, look into the whole hard disk to be thorough, as well as scrutinize only suspicious files, folders or drives. An additional component is designed to scan the Facebook Wall for infected links, scams and hacking attempts.

The default scanning configuration can be modified by expert users in terms of exclusions (scan, real-time, signatures, file IDs), archives, rootkits and stealth items, network drives, heuristics, low-risk objects, tracking cookies, removable media, boot time, Symantec's SONAR protection feature (cloud assistance), as well as updates, among others. Settings can be restored to default, while tasks and statistics can be examined in separate areas.

Notifications show the reputation level of downloaded files via Symantec's Download Insight to determine whether they are trustworthy or not. The app integrates a toolbar (Norton Safe Search) powered by Ask.com to ensure safety while navigating the web, which also features a password-protected vault (Norton Identity Safe) meant to hold login credentials and other private data.

In comparison with many av solutions, Norton AntiVirus is extremely fast, mostly thanks to cloud assistance. It has been quite successful at detecting infected files in our latest tests. Its virus definitions frequently receive updates (can be downloaded separately via Norton AntiVirus Virus Definitions), and the program generally remains light on resources consumption. Users are welcomed to try out Norton AntiVirus for themselves and find out if it meets their requirements. Those looking for extra features may resort to Norton Security.

##### Avira Antivirus Pro
Avira is one of the major players in the cybersecurity market, providing reliable software solutions for both individuals and businesses. With a long history behind it, the well-known company made a name for itself for providing top-notch security features in all their products, whether we are talking about their free antivirus solution or the paid editions, which offer enhanced protection and additional features at competitive prices.

Avira Antivirus Pro provides an alternative to Avira’s free flagship product. While both rely on the same robust scan engine and AI-enabled detection algorithms to provide ongoing protection against malware, the Pro edition does come with additional features to ensure web and email protection, as well as a powerful anti-ransomware module. But before diving in the extras, let us go back to the core protection.

Avira Antivirus Pro promises to prevent malware from reaching your computer, delivering different security modules. Relying on the powerful scan engine created in the Avira labs, it provides real-time protection against all kinds of malware, be it viruses, Trojans, spyware and adware, worms and other such threats that can expose your PC to risks and make it vulnerable. 

With the ever-growing ransomware threats, it is only normal that Avira also implemented anti-ransomware protection to prevent cybercriminals from holding your files hostage. The ransomware module is based on behavior analysis, rather than signatures, like in the Avira Free Security. Behavior-based protection can block unknown threats as well by detecting suspicious activity that can be associated with ransomware.

Thanks to the built-in web shield of Avira Antivirus Pro, you are also protected against malicious content, scripts and pages while navigating on the Internet. Trying to cover all the risks, the application also comes with continuous mail protection to filter attachments and detect phishing attempts.

As expected, the antivirus provides real-time protection, thanks to all the modules described above. However, it also features full, quick and custom scans, and a scheduler to help you manage programmed scans, as well as shell integration to allow the quick analysis of a file or a folder via the context menu.   A scan is initiated when launching the application for the first time, but you can also put your files under the anti-malware microscope whenever you want.

There is no doubt that, like all the other products signed by the same company, Avira Antivirus Pro also provides a powerful security solution with extra levels of safety ready to safeguard your computer. It provides a reliable antivirus with extra email, web and behavior-based anti-ransomware modules, which helps it gain a top position in the security software community.

##### VIPRE Antivirus Plus
VIPRE Antivirus Plus provides a powerful security tool that delivers real-time protection against all kinds of threats, exploits and various other attacks.

Following a rather simple setup process, the antivirus is up and running. It runs silently in the system tray to ensure real time protection but you can also use it to run on-demand scan. The main window reveals the protection status, as well as the date and the time of the last scan and the next scheduled scan. It displays the update status of the virus definitions.

There are three different scan modes. The quick scan analyzes common locations for threats, aiming to find risks that might affect your computer, quickly and easily. Alternatively, you can opt for a full scan, which runs a thorough, in-depth analysis of the entire system, or a custom scan to analyze certain files and folders or specific locations, running programs, Windows registry entries, cookies, the content of archives and compressed files, as well as rootkits.

VIPRE Antivirus Plus also features a section where you can access the secure file eraser to protect your privacy. It comes with anti-exploit protection and web filtering capabilities.

From the same section, you can also manage the threat history and the quarantine, scan exclusions and low-risk programs.  Advanced Active Protection is a feature that monitors your computer in real-time. This means it keeps an eye on any malware that tries to reach your computer, notifying you about potential risks, blocking or sending them to quarantine. Files are checked as they are handled (opened, copied or moved). In other words, VIPRE Antivirus Plus can handle threats automatically and clean infected files with ease.

VIPRE Antivirus Plus provides an enhanced security application that allows real-time and on-demand scans without putting a strain on your system. It also comes with privacy-protection and web filtering capabilities, all ready to add an extra layer of protection to your computer.

##### F-Secure Antivirus
F-Secure Antivirus is a security system that assists you in removing viruses, spyware and other infections from your computer.

After a long installation process, the software performs an automatic update, which takes a long time as well. Once you have initiated F-Secure Antivirus, you are acquainted with ad user-friendly interface.

There aren't many features available in the antivirus system, so beginners should not have a difficult time understanding how it works.

In the main window you can access the current status of the virus and spyware scanning, of the scheduled tasks and DeepGuard, but you can also view general statistics.

Virus and spyware scanning can be enabled to scan and remove viruses from e-mails but also block tracking cookies, while DeepGuard can be set to use advanced process monitoring.

Scheduled scanning can be performed once or at a regular time interval, even after the computer goes into idle mode, while manual scanning can be configured to scan only known file types (which is faster), scan inside compressed files, or to use advanced heuristics (which is slower).

You can run a scan for viruses and spyware, a full system scan, or a customized scan. A full system scan takes a long time to complete, but F-Secure Antivirus is thorough.

You can change connection settings, restore or delete a file or program that has been quarantined, and allow a program to start if it has been blocked by F-Secure.

F-Secure Antivirus proves to be a reliable antivirus system that uses a moderate amount of computer resources, although other processes run slower.

##### Trend Micro Internet Security
Today’s online environment can be a challenging medium to be active in, especially considering the numerous existing and emerging threats, mostly in the form of some kind of malware. There’s no wonder that in order to ensure a safe and enjoyable PC user experience, both online and offline, one has to address such security requirements with the right tools. Trend Micro Internet Security was designed specifically for such purposes, and it will provide a centralized platform for blocking web threats, protecting email data, optimizing PC performance, and much more.

We were pleasantly surprised by Trend Micro Internet Security’s simple and elegant design, and although this has come to be a staple by today’s GUI standards, it’s nice to see that proper thought has been given in that direction.

As a consequence of the simple design, accessibility is maximized, and a concise categorization offers access to all the available features, which are neatly tucked into their corresponding category. Of course, the main scanning menu and corresponding button aren’t missing, and are well designed.

As stated above, although simple at the surface, the application features an abundance of tools that provide a high degree of versatility. A wide range of aspects and potential issues are addressed, starting from more generalist ones, such as basic AV-style scans, and all the way down to privacy settings.

Of course, the package would not be complete without several features addressing PC health and optimization, which we were glad to see present.

This application can prove to be more than just your average AV solution, since it addresses security and privacy issues from a broader perspective, offering protection both online and offline.

##### McAfee Total Protection
Keeping malware infections at bay by installing a fully-featured antivirus solution on your computer might not prove to be enough to keep your virtual documents or digital identity safe. This is why McAfee Total Protection comes with several additional functions meant to help you increase security on your PC.

The application might take a long time to install due to the numerous components it needs to configure, so it is best not to interrupt the process, lest you end up with corrupted files.

The graphic interface of McAfee Total Protection is highly intuitive so regardless of your computer skills, you can effortlessly find the function you are looking for, especially since all the menus come with easy-to-understand names.

You can access the antivirus module when you want to choose the type of scan you want to perform for detecting and removing viruses, spyware or other types of infections from your computer. You can activate real-time scanning or schedule scans on a weekly or monthly basis.

When it comes to web and email protection, you can adjust the settings of the firewall and anti-spam components - it is best to modify them only if you have advanced PC knowledge, otherwise, the default configuration should be enough for your security needs.

McAfee Total Protection comes with SiteAdvisor LIVE, a dedicated utility that integrates within your browser and warns you about the reliability and reputation of the website you are visiting, so you can avoid accessing infected pages.

You can also rely on this comprehensive solution to backup your most valuable documents online or create password-protected vaults where you can lock confidential data. You can also use the integrated Shredder to permanently destroy files so that they cannot be retrieved not even with dedicated apps.

McAfee Total Protection includes a wide range of tools that can help protect not only against malware infections, but also against prying persons. It comes equipped with various tools to make sure that whether or not you are connected to the Interned, your system remains in good hands.

##### G DATA AntiVirus
Your computer stores all kinds of data on a daily basis. Some of it is vital to you and it should be kept safe from being altered or even deleted in case some kind of infection strikes your PC. That's the reason why antivirus software was created in the first place – to prevent eventual loss or degradation of the files stored on your hard-drive.

G Data Antivirus ranks within the best available solutions. It is not a full Internet security application, that's for sure; however, this antivirus provides high security levels comprising two integrated scan engines (heuristics and behavior blocking) along with cloud-based analysis of suspicious files.

It does not run short of security features. On the contrary, G Data Antivirus packs versatile detection methods to keep your data safe from harmful threats. The installation is not rocket science and, as many programs in this category, requires you to restart your computer upon completion. The interface is precise, yet very practical. It delivers the tools you need at hand and also informs us of the current CPU load generated by the antivirus itself, and overall.

We can easily check every aspect of the computer for viruses, spyware, adware, worms, trojans, dialers, rootkits and any other malicious script or phishing scam. While it doesn't provide out-of-the-box link scanner, battery saving or game mode, G Data Antivirus brings the right amount of protection to the system in a manner that does not stress or choke the user-PC interaction as a whole. It is developed with both fluency and efficiency in mind.

The detection rates meet the expectations of both novices and more experienced users. In fact, nobody can argue about the security level G Data Antivirus offers – it is among the best. The `Idle scan` feature is a plus, for sure. This will run as soon as the system enters an inactive state, thus time will not be wasted but taken advantage of. Online banking users will benefit from more secured sessions so they can focus on their work instead of constantly bother themselves with protection issues.

If you are looking for antivirus software to make your day better and keep both online and offline threats at bay, then G Data Antivirus is the one you need. Here are three things to remember: security effectiveness, light on system resources and user-friendly.

##### Trojan Remover
Trojan Remover is a fast and simple-to-use antivirus solution designed to perform on-demand scans to identify and remove malware from the computer. It covers the system integrity, rookits, registry, service DLLs, browser helper objects, scheduled tasks, the Hosts file, and so on.

Installing the application is a fast and easy task, since no special configuration is needed. As for the interface, Trojan Remover sticks to a classical look and user-friendly structure that enables users to immediately start a scan job and check the most important part of Windows for suspicious activity.

It is possible to scan a specific drive or directory and include subfolders, look inside archive files too, scan files already renamed by Trojan Remover, ask the app to automatically rename malware files and just send a report, as well as to inspect the malware reference database to find out all dangerous agents which can be detected by the tool. Users may examine log files and manage excluded files, set delay times, trust digitally signed system files, allow scans at boot time to verify autostart entries, and more.

Trojan Remover is really fast when it comes to scanning locations. Plus, it has minimal impact on PC performance, since it uses low CPU and memory. However, we encountered issues in our evaluation on Windows 8.1 Pro concerning virus detection ratio, since the tool failed to spot any malware agents that we had prepared for it (Trojans included, as the app name suggests).

Whether the virus definition database is actually outdated or not, we cannot tell, but the current version of Trojan Remover forces to give it the lowest rating. Users should resort to other, more reliable antivirus solutions until this one resolves its issues.

##### eScanAV AntiVirus Toolkit
A reliable computer means a clean and safe machine that works at its full potential. Ultimately, to reach this type of safe environment it might sometimes be a good idea to employ the help of applications such as eScanAV AntiVirus Toolkit, designed to check and makes sure that nothing dangerous lurks inside your device. This program is simple to deploy, and equally simple to use.

The program will ask the user for the areas that are to be scanned for dangerous content. Thus, one has to select at least one option from the many provided. Chose memory, registry, startup folders, mobile, and drive. You can also have a certain folder scanned by introducing its path in the system. You can set the app to conduct scans only, without having to take action against the discovered issues. If you need to, the option to scan archives is also something worth taking into account.

The application interface is friendly. It does not confuse one with all sorts of bells and whistles. On the contrary, it's probably one of the most straightforward scanning apps there is. Decide if you want to view or clear the currently existing log. Scanning and cleaning will probably be the two things that any user will end up doing. You can also update the app from the same window and view the existing quarantined items. The virus signature is always displayed. This way, the user will always know if the app's database has been updated with the most recent entries.

eScanAV AntiVirus Toolkit is one option you can take into consideration when trying to keep your PC clean and free of any dangerous items or elements. Don't waste your time with a complex solution to an easy problem. Scan and fix your issues in seconds with this program.

##### Microsoft Malicious Software Removal Tool
Microsoft’s Malicious Software Removal Tool is a malware detection and removal utility. It thoroughly scans your computer to identify infiltrated malware and if any, attempts to remove it. Keep in mind that it was not built to prevent malicious threats, but to detect existing ones.

Even though it’s available as a separate download, Microsoft also distributes it automatically as a part of the Windows Update service. In other words, you can run the tool without downloading it, using the run command or the cmd utility by typing ‘mrt.exe.’

Microsoft Malicious Software Removal Tool acts like a wizard and guides you through every step of the detection algorithm. In the first window you can view a list of spyware that the application is able to remove.

The next window allows you to select the type of scan you wish to perform. The quick mode takes only a couple minutes to complete, while the full scan is more time consuming, but also more effective.

If you want to perform a scan on a certain folder, use the customized scan mode. When the process is complete, a detailed report is displayed, containing the detected malware, if any.

In conclusion, Microsoft Malicious Software Removal Tool is one of the go-to solutions in case your computer gets infected. It has been and is promoted as a top malware removal utility, but don’t take their word for it until it heals your computer too. Given its overall simplicity and wizard-like GUI, this application can be easily mastered by all types of users, regardless of their experience level.

##### IKARUS anti.virus
IKARUS anti.virus is an efficient and user-friendly protection utility whose main purpose is to help you keep our system at bay from a wide range of infections and malware, in the attempt to secure your personal data from outside attacks.

Following an installation process of a relatively moderate length, the program will prompt you to configure the monitoring settings, choosing what data transfers to be watched as well as deciding on the automatic scan interval.

Afterward, you will need to add your product license key to access IKARUS anti.virus and start protecting your computer.

The main window of the application lets you run an analysis, allowing you to choose between several ‘Scanprofiles’, namely ‘Fast System Scan’, ‘System Partition’, ‘Entire Computer’ or ‘Removable Media’, displaying the estimated duration for each one. Their attributes can be editing to suit your needs, so you can set any of them to run on a recurring pattern, on a daily, weekly or monthly interval, at specific hours, on certain days or dates, respectively.

The ‘Quarantine’ section of IKARUS anti.virus lists the detected infections, including their discovery date, file name, root directory, description and handling suggestions, enabling you to ‘Purge System’, ‘Restore’, ‘Delete’ or ‘Remove Virus’.

The ‘Guard’ tab allows you to adjust your ‘Virus and Spam Protection’ preferences, whether to enable system and email protection. From the tool’s ‘Settings’, you can exclude certain items from the regular scans.

To sum it up, IKARUS anti.virus is a handy and efficient software solution which aims to assist you in protecting your PC from the various dangers that it might be subjected to, including viruses, trojans, malware and others.

##### Sophos Endpoint Security and Control (formerly Sophos Anti-Virus)
Protecting your computer with powerful antivirus software is no longer optional. Due to the growth of the virus market, every user needs a strong shield against trojans, worms and virtually any type of malware that seeks for a breach in your operating system.

Sophos Endpoint Security and Control can get in control of your computer security, by intensively monitoring the desktop and online activity of your OS. Its anti-spyware and anti-adware modules, together with the strong encryption technology and application control make it a reliable choice.

Its interface is very similar to Windows’ Explorer; the obvious advantage is that you get accustomed really fast with its behavior and exploring its features becomes incredibly intuitive. The Control panel provides easy access to scanning modules, quarantine items and tamper protection. You can set it to scan a custom folder or you can schedule it to perform on-demand scans.

The Tamper Protection feature prevents unauthorized access and forbids malware from uninstalling the antivirus program, thus ensuring that you are protected at all times.

The configuration tab allows you to set up options for on-access scanning (including scanning inside archive files, as well as automatically clean up items which contain virus or spyware), on-demand extensions and exclusions, HIPS runtime behavior analysis, user rights for Quarantine Manager, authorization and messaging.

The anti-virus software also has an auto update feature that runs in the background, without you even noticing it. This capability ensures that the software is updated according to the latest virus database, keeping your computer protected against the newest malware.

In conclusion, Sophos Endpoint Security and Control is not as popular as its competitors, but still manages to do a good job. It blocks everything that might affect the health of your computer in order to provide users with the safest working environment.

##### Protector Plus Antivirus Software
Protector Plus Antivirus is a compact antivirus software that can help you protect your PC from virus infections. Due to the number of threats that knock on the door of every computer connected to the Internet, an antivirus program is a must have.

The application is designed to increase the security level of your computer by automatically scanning the files that are being accessed by the users. The Settings window allows you to select the file types that are scanned and the default action for the encountered threats. For instance you can scan only the susceptible files or scan every file that is accessed.

You can also use the program to scan a specific location from the local hard drive or from a removable device. If any threat is detected and the file cannot be disinfected you are able to send it to the quarantine and to submit it to the developer for further analysis.

This application includes an email scanner that can prevent malicious files from infiltrating on your computer using the email clients. When scanning for viruses the program can be configured to also scan the mailboxes in order to detect the infected files that were received prior to its installation.

If you take the security of your computer seriously you might think about using the scheduler and create customized scans. Running regular scans on the most important files and folders decreases the risk of a virus attack. The virus definitions file is updated automatically by default and you should not change that setting to make sure that you have the latest version.

The interface of the program is straightforward and all the basic functions are easy to access and to use. During the scan the antivirus displays a progress window but it does not show the elapsed time or the estimated time.

The scan speed was decent since it took about 30 minutes to complete a scan of a 14 GB partition that included more than 130.000 files. The impact on the computer performance was noticeable as the CPU usage varied between 20 and 90%.

Although it does not include an instant messenger scanner, Protector Plus Antivirus provides the basic features required to prevent viruses from infecting your files.

##### Antivirus Doctor
As its name implies, Antivirus Doctor is an application that promises to protect your computer against all types of threats, including viruses, spyware, trojans and other malicious programs.

Ease of use is one of the main advantages of the application and the interface makes no exception. It comprises two panes, one for selecting the drive to scan and the other for viewing a list of the detected viruses.

Only custom scan is available, enabling you to choose the locations you suspect to be infected, whether it is local or network drives, CD-ROMs, USB devices or other storage units, as well as single files or directories. Archive scanning is supported.

When all the desired target locations are selected, just press the 'Start Scan' button and let the application handle the rest. Antivirus Doctor uses ClamAV engine version 0.95.2 in order to find potentially dangerous files in your computer.

The scanning can be stopped at any time and once the process is finished, you can view the total duration and a list of the detected malicious files, which can be deleted with a button's push.

The application does not remember previous target selections and sometimes an error might occur during scan, which makes the process impossible to finish. Another drawback is that it does not include a quarantine section, where the infected files can be moved in order to avoid virus spread.

Although it is easy to use, Antivirus Doctor might not be able to detect and remove the latest powerful viruses and infections. Since it does not provide real-time protection and lacks other important features that other similar security software include, it is not advisable to use it as a permanent antivirus solution.
