##### SecurityKISS VPN
SecurityKISS VPN is a privacy protection software designed to ensure anonymity while browsing the web. It redirects all the traffic via a secure gateway, encrypting your personal data and keeping it away from prying eyes.

SecurityKISS VPN is an implementation of a Virtual Private Network (VPN), creating an impenetrable bridge between your computer and the dedicated gateway. It makes all connections anonymous, which translates into the removal of all restrictions related to region and such.

Put another way, SecurityKISS VPN is a two-purpose program. On one hand, it encrypts the traffic so that browsing tracking is prevented while providing access to services that are blocked in your area, on the other hand.

Relying on a simple, yet user-friendly interface, the application immediately detects your IP address (both internal and external) and allows you to connect to one of the available VPN proxy servers.

SecurityKISS VPN makes use of various gateways from all over the world, which you can manually select, if you’re not satisfied with the current one. Each of the servers is able to connect via UDP or TCP protocols on various ports and are (optionally) torrent enabled (preserves anonymity inside torrent networks).

Once you are connected to one of these proxies, you can rest assured that all your traffic is routed properly through the VPN and is not visible to anyone. Restoring the default network settings can be done by pressing the ‘Disconnect’ button.

To conclude, if you’re looking for a reliable VPN solution that keeps you off the radar while browsing the web, SecurityKISS VPN would be a wise choice. Whether you want to protect your web credentials or to prevent tracking or to access services that are not available in your region, this application will accomplish all of those at the same time.


#####  Security Release ISO Image
Security Release ISO Image provides you with a very handy standard DVD5 image file (ISO-9660) packing all the security updates released through the Windows Update service prior to a specific date. This way, you are able to better manage large computer networks that have various language requirements for each and every update or not utilizing any automated solution for this particular matter.

As an administrator of such networks, Security Release ISO Image helps you by performing several updates in any given language simultaneously. This particular software collection supports a wide range of operating systems comprising Windows XP, Vista, 2003, 2008, 7 and even 8 with all their service packs (excluding XP which is only supported if SP3 is installed).

The whole idea behind these monthly releases is that to burn the ISO image files upon every one of them and thus organize a collection, as this month’s release only consists of the latest security updates since the last one and not a cumulative version due to the huge amount of space that would require.

This does not mean that you cannot create custom ISO files encasing just the security updates for a specific operating system and even one exact version of it. By doing this, you can bring a high number of security updates together on the same medium and build a slimmer, more efficient collection both in disc count and deployment time.

The Security Release ISO Image is a must-have tool for any system administrator and can also prove to be an essential piece of any user’s arsenal when it comes to automating the process of security updates installation. Nonetheless, this distinct software package can increase the deployment speed of Windows updates by, at least, skipping download times.


#####  Security Master AV Removal Tool
Security Master AV Removal Tool needs no introduction since the name is self-explanatory: it gets rid of Security Master AV, a scareware that triggers fake infection alerts in order to trick you into buying the fake app.

Security Master AV Removal Tool was especially designed to eliminate this annoyance. The application is extremely simple to use, requiring very little user input. First, it checks and stops all virus processes and then attempts to unregister the infectious DLL files, delete the registry entries related to the application's functionality and eventually remove the files and folders created by the program.

If your computer gets infected by Security Master AV you should consider removing it from the computer as soon as possible, for a number of reasons. Apart from the annoying messages, Security Master AV also attempts to shut down your computer's security tools, leaving it vulnerable to real threats.

Moreover, it blocks your attempts of installing new anti-virus software and tries to hijack your Internet browsers when accessing remote secure locations. Although the fake viruses it spreads in order to push your fear buttons and convince you to buy it are not real threats to your computer, the damage it could do to your computer's security capabilities are reason enough to use Security Master AV Removal Tool.


#####  Security Monitor Pro
Surveillance is perhaps a thing you don't necessarily want to do, but when you have to do it, you have to do it. That's a bit of an oversimplification, but if there's a need for surveillance equipment, a capable software solution is also required for smooth and proper functioning of your hardware.

If you happen to have an IP camera setup, then Security Monitor Pro might be the software solution you're looking for. Through an interface which supports multiple such cameras, the program is capable of handling the operation of those recording devices in all sorts of ways: from managing per-camera motion detection and recording, to scheduling monitoring times, there are quite a few options to make use of here.

Upon establishing a connection between your IP cameras and your network, the user should be able to view a feed for each of the devices in their setup. Users can add and configure new cameras, as well as webcams, in a way that is quite easy and seamless, as many models are supported.

Besides providing an interface which compounds the feed coming from each of your cameras, the software affords one the ability to set per-camera settings, whereby one can configure the actions to be taken upon detecting motion, when to start recording, notify the user, play an alarm, and so on. The fact that such configurations can be done individually can help ensure that there are no blind spots in your surveillance.

Going back to the individual configurations one can make, users can also have their cameras automatically take a picture upon detecting motion. You can have a camera relay media files to an FTP account, as well as launch a program or script once any movement is detected.

If you're away, but are looking to keep an eye on your surveillance, you can set the app to broadcast a live video of your feeds. Upon setting this up, a link will be supplied, which you'll be able to use to tune into the livestream.

Security Monitor Pro works to deliver a solid solution for your surveillance needs: setting up everything shouldn't require much effort, and being able to parametrize everything to your needs is always a good thing.


#####  SecurityCam
SecurityCam is a simple and reliable piece of software developed to provide you with an easy means of converting any web camera into a surveillance tool, so you can monitor various locations and ensure their safety.

The program requires a compatible webcam, and once it detects the device as being connected to your PC, all you need to do is press the 'On / Off' button (which turns green when active) for it to start capturing images from the camera. It can stream the recording from a local or remote source via Internet, enabling you to have access to the camera, regardless of your location.

SecurityCam offers a button that can activate or deactivate the motion detection feature. When activated, the detector can be triggered only when it senses a movement in its field of vision, causing it to start recording the video.

Also, you can use the 'Turn on / off HTTP server' function or set up a detecting interval, for instance a five second period. At the same time, the application features two sliders that allow you to set the 'Tolerance' and the 'Sensitivity' levels, thus preventing false alarms yet still being careful to unwelcome visitors.

SecurityCam can have your PC perform a series of actions in case motion is detected. As such, it can automatically switch to fullscreen view, or play an audio file. Similarly, you can set it to save the video or the grabbed picture, in case you might later need it as evidence of a break in. Using the 'Device properties' button, you can adjust the 'Brightness', 'Contrast', 'Gamma', 'Hue', 'Saturation', 'Sharpness' or 'Gain' of the recorded images.

To conclude, SecurityCam is a user-friendly and efficient application that allows you to quickly turn your regular webcam into a surveillance device, enabling you to protect your home, office or other locations from unwanted visitors, as well as capture any break in on video.


#####  Security Task Manager
Security Task Manager is an advanced task manager that shows a process' rating based on community usage, in order to indicate the potential risk of an intrusive application. It comes packed with a pretty intuitive set of features that should not be difficult to figure out, regardless of previous experience with such software.

The program installs quickly and without any issues. At startup, a list is populated with all active processes, along with their rating, CPU and memory usage, full path, process type, title, description and company name.

Selecting an entry from the list reveals additional rating properties for the process in question. It is possible to open an app's location in Windows Explorer, look it up on Google, verify it for known viruses, write comments, and use a search function to locate a particular program.

Processes can be terminated, sent to the quarantine, or uninstalled directly. The entire information can be exported to HTML or TXT format for closer examination, as well as printed.

Security Task Manager offers multilingual support, has a fair response time and worked well during our evaluation, using minimal CPU and RAM. We have not come across any issues, since the app did not hang, crash or display error dialogs. However, taking into account its features, the tool's price is not justified.

Those who want to bypass the installer and run the tool directly from a pen drive may resort to Security Task Manager Portable.


#####  Security Center Lite
Security Center Lite is a powerful software utility that gives you the possibility to monitor the network and identify any intrusions. It comes packed with many options and configuration settings to please advanced users.

The setup procedure does not take a long time to finish. By default, Security Center Lite offers to install both the engine service and viewer, but you can deselect any of these components to exclude them from installation. Moreover, the tool offers to automatically run at every Windows startup to immediately start monitoring.

The GUI is user-friendly, made from a normal window with a plain and simple structure, where you can check out the real-time monitor status pertaining to activity, names, vulnerability, wireless, types, users and SNMP scanner, along with the total available and protected notes.

A new scan can be run by deleting all discovered nodes and you can either opt for a silent security scan or ask the app to browse for the activity, names, vulnerability or wireless, or all of them.

It is also possible to study a graph with the network's infrastructure along with details for each connected host (e.g. MAC and IP address), as well as examine performance data related to the unicast, multicast and broadcast nodes.

When it comes to protection settings, you can modify parameters concerning the detection of new, changed and threatened nodes, vulnerable ports, linkup WMI and script, in addition to the prevention for real-time alerts, notification messages, SNMP interfaces, network script, schedule time and automatic unblocking.

We have not come across any problems throughout our testing, since Security Center Lite did not freeze, crash or pop up error messages. It has minimal impact on computer performance and includes help documentation for inexperienced users. To sum it up, this software utility provides users with handy tools for monitoring the network to keep an eye out for any malicious activity.


#####  Security Task Manager Portable
Security Task Manager Portable is a software tool that was developed specifically to aid individuals in viewing more details about the processes running on your computer.

Since this is the portable version of Security Task Manager, you are not required to install it on your PC. As a result, it will not add new entries to the Windows registry, or new files to the hard drive, as installers usually do.

You can easily move the program files to a removable storage device (e.g. USB flash drive), so that you can easily take Security Task Manager Portable with you at all times, and run it on any machine you have been granted access to, just by clicking the EXE.

The interface you are greeted by encloses a simple and neatly organized window, as it contains a menu bar, several buttons and a few panels to view all processes running and details about the selected one. It can be handled with great ease by all user types, including less experienced ones.

This software utility lets you view information such as name, risk rating, CPU and memory usage, path, type, title and company. Another pane enables you to view if a certain program can be dangerous or not, by assessing some key features, such as if the window is visible, can manipulate other apps, launch at Windows startup and does not contain system files.

Further details can be viewed on the developer’s website, you can open the location folder, add comments about each and every process, as well as end processes, move them to quarantine, create a restore point and export all information to a HTML or TXT file.

Taking all of this into consideration, we can safely say Security Task Manager Portable is an efficient piece of software. All jobs are performed in due time, the system’s performance is not going to be hampered and the interface is easy-to-use.


#####  Security Tool Removal Tool
Security Tool Removal Tool is a small utility that will help you remove the fake antivirus - Security Tool. Security Tool is a rogue anti-spyware program that uses fake security alerts and system scan results to make computer users believe that they must purchase the Security Tool program to remove the found threats. Security Tool comes from the same group of attackers that made the fake security programs System Security and Total Security 2009.


#####  Security Tab Fixer
This utility written in AutoitV3 Scripting Language enables you to activate / deactivate Microsoft Windows XP's Security File Tab.


#####  Security System Analyzer
Security System Analyzer is a tool designed to check your system for the latest security updates.

Open Vulnerability and Assessment Language (OVAL) is an international, information security, community standard to promote open and publicly available security content, and to standardize the transfer of this information across the entire spectrum of security tools and services. OVAL includes a language used to encode system details, and an assortment of content repositories held throughout the community.

The language standardizes the three main steps of the assessment process: representing configuration information of systems for testing; analyzing the system for the presence of the specified machine state (vulnerability,configuration, patch state, etc.); and reporting the results of this assessment.

After using it during my security assessments, i was completely happy with results. It helps me out to find out new attack vectors and undetected vulnerabilities reported by the usual automated scanners.

The command line release (by mitre.org) is sometimes hard to manage (copying new xml files, editing .html reports), so we decided to write a GUI to make it simple to use and understand and then free the security testers community to take advantage of it.

Here are some key features of "Security System Analyzer":

￭ OVAL-compatible product ￭ SCAP (Security Content Automation Protocol) ￭ Perform a deep inventory audit on installed softwares and applications ￭ Scan and map vulnerabilities using non-intrusive techniques based on schemas ￭ Detect and identify missed patches and hotfixes ￭ Define a patch management deployment strategy using CVSS scores


#####  Security Analyzer
Security Analyzer is a small software application designed to help you analyze and display the current security status of your computer.

The tool is deployed in a portable package, which means you can run it directly on your system (there’s no setup included in the process). You can drop it on portable media devices and carry it with you. Getting rid of it implies only a simple deletion task of the files that you have downloaded from the Internet.

The information is listed in the main window using colorful bar indicators for each security features. Red signals that the current module is disabled, green reveals the modules are working accurately, and yellow calls for your attention. The overall status of your system is shown with the aid of general status bar.

Security Analyzer automatically scans your computer and reveals information about the network firewall, Windows Update, virus protection, spyware and unwanted software protection, User Account Control (UAC), Network Access Protection (NAP), as well as wireless network security.

Leaving aside the program’s capabilities of showing info about your system security, you are also allowed to turn on Windows Firewall, enforce UAC protection, as well as enable Network Access Protection. There’s no support for configuration settings, only some options for changing the language of the GUI.

All things considered, Security Analyzer provides a simplistic and efficient software application for scanning your system and getting information about your current security status. The intuitive feature pack makes it suitable for rookies and professionals alike.


#####  Security Center Pro
Security Center Pro is a lightweight software application specialized in offering network traffic monitoring capabilities and protection in real-time, as well as proactive blocking mode of network nodes based on their threat level.

The tool features IDS (intrusion detection system) and IPS (intrusion prevention system) security monitoring options for helping you stay away from unauthorized network connections, malicious activities and potential intruders.

You are welcomed by a clean layout that displays a system summary which includes information about the Monitor, Views, Protection, and Alerts scanner, as well as Security Center Definitions.

The tool implements two gauges that record details about the average and maximum threat and vulnerability levels.

Security Center Pro gives you the possibility to run a new scan (all previously discovered nodes are deleted) and view scan details about the total available and protected nodes, as well as active, inactive and unmanaged nodes.

Plus, you can tweak several scan settings by activating a full security scan mode that allows you to check your nodes' activity and detect their current status, collect node names, gather information about the node service types, vulnerability level, wireless access points, and computer usernames, as well as identify network activity.

Security Center Pro lets you get information about the network view (current network entities and connectivity) and performance view (current network unicasts, multicasts and broadcasts). The view mode is particularly useful especially if you want to graphically analyze your network security and performance.

The program lets you set up rules for the intrusion detection module in order to be able to discover intruders on your network (e.g. new or changed node detection, vulnerable ports), as well as rules for blocking intruders from accessing your network (e.g. real-time alerts on network intruders, notification message prevention).

You are allowed to work with two types of alerts, namely detection and prevention. Both options show messages regarding detection or prevention of potential intruders. Plus, you can create reports, archive messages and clear current alerts.

Security Center Pro comes packed with several settings for helping you run the utility at Windows startup, enable popup messages on discovered alerts, export the currently selected server database to HTML file or SQL/Access database, grant user permissions, automatically remove inactive nodes, exclude specific node addresses, and control the adapters.

Threat settings allow you to pick the preferred thresholds (low, moderate, elevated, high or severe), vulnerability features enable you to select the appropriate computer ports and names for each vulnerability level in the list, while the alert mode gives you the freedom to remove or archive alerts, and automatically forward alerts via email, SNMP, Syslog or Run command.

Security Center Pro comes with a powerful suite of features for providing real-time protection against network threats and detecting network vulnerabilities, and is suitable especially for power users.


#####  Security & Privacy Complete
Security & Privacy Complete can disable all services which might be a security-risk for your computer.

Security & Privacy Complete also includes privacy features for Internet Explorer, Media Player, and of course: Mozilla Firefox.


#####  SecurityCam
SecurityCam is a simple program that supports capture device monitoring, at the same time offering motion detection and options to take pictures of moving subjects, dialing your modem, or making an alert noise. Give SecurityCam a try to see what it's really capable of!


#####  Security Process Explorer
Some programs, or even Windows services can suddenly stop responding. There’s little to do in this regard, except if you rely on the Task Manager to inspect the situation. Although the default tool is pretty advanced, there are also third-party alternatives to use, and Security Process Explorer is more than a suitable example.

Right from the start, the application gathers all required details in no more than a couple of seconds. All running processes are enlisted in a table showing process name, rating, CPU, CPU time, as well as memory consumption. The status bar provides info on total usage for CPU, memory, as well as number of running processes.

In case you need to have more info fields in sight, the view menu lets you add more column headers for executable, priority, threads, company, and date started. Moreover, it’s possible to have the default Task Manager replaced with this one, so it shows up by default every time you access it through default functions or hotkeys.

Quite a variety of details can be accessed. For starters, you can bring up the properties panel of the corresponding file. On the other hand, accessing the details pane offers a higher level of info, such as process threads, arguments, and more, version info, but also modules used to keep the specific process alive.

Needless to say that you gain control over running processes. You can easily terminate one or more running processes, or set priority to one of 5 different levels. A Run tool is embedded just so you can start new tasks on the spot. The application also includes shutdown and reboot options.

Taking everything into consideration, we can state that Security Process Explorer manages to live up to expectations, delivering a proper alternative to the system Task Manager. Although there are no thorough resource info fields, there’s more emphasis placed on management and info gathering on processes themselves.


#####  SecurityGateway for Exchange/SMTP
SecurityGateway email spam firewall for Exchange/SMTP Servers provides affordable email security with a powerful spam filter that serves as a Microsoft Exchange firewall or SMTP firewall.

It also protects against viruses, phishing, spoofing, and other forms of malware that present an ongoing threat to the legitimate email communications of your business.

SecurityGateway for Exchange/SMTP comes with easy to use functions designed for analyzing, managing and reporting on inbound and outbound email traffic patterns specific to Microsoft Exchange Server or any SMTP email server.


#####  Security Autorun
Security Autorun is an advanced startup manager for users who want to speed up Windows boot by disabling autorun apps by modifying registry settings. It provides a user-friendly working environment and straightforward options.

Setting up Security Autorun takes minimal time and effort. As far as the interface is concerned, it is wrapped in a regular window with a plain and simple structure, where you can view a list of all registry areas responsible for autorun apps, as well as the start folder, services, known DLLs, scheduled tasks, and so on.

For each selected category, Security Autorun shows all autostart entries and information such as names, paths, component IDs, key names, target values and company names.

By opening the context menu of any selected entry, you can remove it from the Windows startup sequence or just disable it, jump to its location in Registry Editor to manually edit settings, as well as view properties. There are no other noteworthy options available here.

We have not come across any stability problems throughout our evaluation, since the tool did not hang, crash or pop up error dialogs. It has a good response time, runs on low CPU and RAM, and immediately applies the new changes when disabling autostart entries. Security Autorun gets the job done, although it is not exactly made for first-time users.


#####  Security VPN
Security VPN is an advanced and easy-to-use application designed to protect your identity while navigating the Internet by assigning a fake IP address to your computer.

It creates a Virtual Private Network (VPN) that also allows you to access otherwise unavailable web services due to geographical.

The installation procedure doesn't a long time to finish. There are several aspects worth noting, though. Security VPN needs to set up a TAP virtual driver required to establish the VPN connection, you must run the app with administrative privileges, and you have to sign up for an account on the developer's website with a user name and password.

Once launched, Security VPN creates an icon in the system tray area and gets minimized there, so it becomes non-intrusive while providing you with quick access to its features.

You can view a list with worldwide available servers you can switch to, and activate any one of them with a single click. It's just as simple to disable the fake IP address to switch back to your real one. You can check the server connections, update the server list, and reset the route table. There are no other notable options available here.

Security VPN has minimal impact on computer performance in our tests, running on low CPU and RAM. It had a good response time and didn't hang, crash or display error messages. However, it hasn't been recently updated, and it doesn't give you the possibility to browse a list of fake IP addresses and select a preferred one.

Security VPN comes packed with the necessary and suffice options to help you protect your online anonymity and access blocked services.


#####  SecurityPlus!
It's always a good idea to protect your personal information from prying eyes. Fortunately, there are many applications that can help you with that.

One of them is SecurityPlus!. It's a useful software solution that allows you to encrypt and decrypt images on your computer, it can be used to create passwords and restrict access to information.

The program doesn't take long to install and it doesn't come with a complicated setup that you would need to complete before you can actually use it. It sports a clean and intuitive graphical interface with some nice tools at hand.

SecurityPlus! is a useful software solution that allows you to encrypt and decrypt images on your computer, it can be used to create passwords and restrict access to information.

The first thing that you need to do after launching the application is to browse your computer and load the files that you would like to work on. It comes with a file viewer, thumbnails, slideshow and program selector.

It can be set to run in the tray and it lets you restrict access to images, other files and applications. You can encrypt / decrypt even large files (including files on CD-ROM). Current passwords (keys) can be quickly cleared and files can be safely deleted (shredded).

The program ensures that no one can ever retrieve your deleted files. It will write zeros in all of the file’s data area and will change the file size to zero bytes. SecurityPlus keeps no record of the encryption key either in memory or within the data.

You can company records, accounting records, images, CAD drawings, videos, correspondence, bank statements, programming source files, executable files (.exe), personal data files, and many other types of files.

SecurityPlus! is a useful software solution that allows you to encrypt and decrypt images on your computer, it can be used to create passwords and restrict access to information.


#####  



